README.md, before:

# SBA-320H React Application

Vite React Javascript application that displays Movies based on titles that a user can type into a search box.

Source of movie data:

OMDb API via  https://www.omdbapi.com/

Background image based on "Milky way" By 24Novembers from Adobe Stock
https://as1.ftcdn.net/v2/jpg/03/37/57/74/1000_F_337577487_VpfpvGTSY1rNGDWM7p4pKfMUxgIxqq3C.jpg

## To run code from this Github:

1. Run `npm install`

2. Obtain an API key from OMDB https://www.omdbapi.com/apikey.aspx

3. Create a `.env` file that contains the following:
`VITE_OMDB_URL_WITH_KEY=http://www.omdbapi.com/?apikey=YOUR_API_KEY`

## To use the application:

1. Run `npm run dev`

2. Enter a title of a movie into the search box.

3. Click on the Search button.

4. Click on the Add to Favorites button if you would like to add the movie to your favorites list. These favorites are stored in localStorage. 

5. Click on the Show Favorites button to see the items you have added to your favorites.

Live deploy available at https://sba-320h-bixa.onrender.com/

Commit message:

Added Placeholder image for broken Poster links.

README.md, after:

# SBA-320H React Application

Vite React Javascript application that displays Movies based on titles that a user can type into a search box.

Source of movie data:

OMDb API via  https://www.omdbapi.com/

Background image based on "Milky way" By 24Novembers from Adobe Stock
https://as1.ftcdn.net/v2/jpg/03/37/57/74/1000_F_337577487_VpfpvGTSY1rNGDWM7p4pKfMUxgIxqq3C.jpg

Empty Movie Poster image based on "Empty cinema poster panel"
By Who is Danny from Adobe Stock
https://as1.ftcdn.net/v2/jpg/03/01/83/28/1000_F_301832885_XSg1F3ba571JjJ1RCrSnXs5VFvyopVMD.jpg


## To run code from this Github:

1. Run `npm install`

2. Obtain an API key from OMDB https://www.omdbapi.com/apikey.aspx

3. Create a `.env` file that contains the following:
`VITE_OMDB_URL_WITH_KEY=http://www.omdbapi.com/?apikey=YOUR_API_KEY`

## To use the application:

1. Run `npm run dev`

2. Enter a title of a movie into the search box.

3. Click on the Search button.

4. Click on the Add to Favorites button if you would like to add the movie to your favorites list. These favorites are stored in localStorage. 

5. Click on the Show Favorites button to see the items you have added to your favorites.

Live deploy available at https://sba-320h-bixa.onrender.com/
